[T316 > master] New algorithm in graph util, chain nodes (#643)
memgraph/docs: mage/query-modules/cpp/graph_util.md

RETURN ancestor;
```

### `chain_nodes(nodes, edge_type)`

Creates a relationship between each of the neighboring nodes in the input list, `nodes`. Each of the relationships

> gets the edge type from the second input parameter `edge_type`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gets the edge type from the second input parameter `edge_type`.
```

#### Input:

> - `nodes: List[Vertex]` ➡ List of nodes for which we want to create corresponding relationships between them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `nodes: List[Vertex]` ➡ The list of nodes between which we want to create corresponding relationships 
```

#### Output:

> - `connections: List[Edge]` ➡ LList of relationships that connect the nodes, each node with the next node in the input list, using the edge type specified as the second input parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `connections: List[Edge]` ➡ List of relationships that connect the nodes, each node with the next node in the input list, using the edge type specified as the second input parameter.
```

Reviewer: Where is that second input parameter? I see only "Vertex" parameter?
